Adding Tutorials (#22)
near/social-docs: docs/tutorial/quickstart.md

---
id: quickstart
title: Quickstart
---

NEAR Discovery allows you to create a decentralized frontend for your dApp by creating and composing widgets. In this quickstart tutorial we will create a simple application, that takes a name as input and renders a friendly greeting.

![img](@site/static/docs/quickstart-1.png)

---

## Editors
In order to create your decentralized frontend there is a variety of editors you can choose from:

> - VSCODE Extension: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=near-protocol.near-social-ide
> - NEAR Social Editor: https://near.social/#/edit
> - Blockchain Operative System Editor: https://bos.gg/#/edit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [VSCODE Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=near-protocol.near-social-ide)
- [NEAR Social Editor](https://near.social/#/edit)
- [Blockchain Operative System Editor](https://bos.gg/#/edit)
```

---

## Creating Your First Widget

> To create a `widget` you justs need to write valid JSX code, i.e. a mixture of HTML and JS. Lets see how simple it is to create your first widget, and previewing it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a `widget` you only need to write valid JSX code, i.e. a mixture of HTML and JS. Let's see how simple it is to create and preview your first widget.
```
